Add option to control whether to register with machined (#3304)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi/resources/man/mkosi.1.md

    Note that `Ephemeral=` has to be enabled to start multiple instances
    of the same image.

`MachinedRegister=`, `--machined-register=`

> :   Takes a boolean value, defaults to `true`. Specifies whether to register

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Takes a boolean value. Enabled by defaults. Specifies whether to register
```
